separately okay yeah okay all right
welcome to ipfs All Hands meeting for
May 21st I think I'm the moderator today
and we have a note-taker right yes
okay cool and we're just gonna
start going through things if you don't
have the note stock open I just posted
it in chat feel free to add items like
if we get to the end before you put them
in you missed it
so I think the first thing on the agenda
today is Matt had some things to talk
about with respect to these dev meetings
or other definitely yeah
so the ipfs developer meeting and the
late PAP developer meeting in july i we
it shifted the dates one day earlier so
that the lib peeta peeta meeting can be
two days instead of one I saw that so
this test means the ipfs one will be the
9th to 11th of July Monday through
Wednesday and the the p2 p1 will be the
12th and 13th that's Thursday and Friday
if I quoted it wrong the correct thing
is it's Monday Tuesday Wednesday and
then Thursday Friday but I think those
are the correct dates and so we'll be
putting out the blog post if you
actually look in the ipfs blog repo
there's a PR waiting to be shipped that
it has the announcement for this that
will be posting today and tweeting and
send out an email blast application
forms are open so if you want to attend
fill out the application form even if
you're so if if you're someone who has
kr is assigned to you on the ok our
spreadsheet you are automatically
accepted
you should still fill out that form
because we need to know that you want to
attend and we need to know which which
things you want to attend them we need
to know whether you need financial
assistance so to go ahead and fill out
those forms and and related with that a
is the ipfs and lib p2p user registry
which we are rebooting I've mentioned it
a couple times on other calls so the
form for that is up as well and I can
add that to the notes if you have a
project that you that uses IP FS or the
p2p and you want the world to note that
that project exists and you want us to
know that the project exists you should
add it to that registry and fill out
those forms and those forms are
definitely like if you find the
experience of filling out that form
unpleasant in some way you should let us
know we can make them better there might
be too long they might be asking the
wrong questions so speak up without that
did have anyone have any questions about
those updates Rob Robin the Jonny so you
also wanted people to fill out that form
you if they don't want the whole world
to know right there's a yeah you can
there's a checkbox where you can say
that you don't want that information to
be public so if you want us to know and
Johnny is asking so okay so I'll finish
answering the first question so yes um
the entries in that user registry form
filling out the user registry form we
will only make that information public
like list your project publicly if you
check the checkbox saying yes I get
permission to be listed in the public
registry we would definitely even if you
don't want to be listed we would love to
have you in that registry so we know
that you exist and we can count you as
part of our community so Johnny was
asking the venue so this is in it will
be in Berlin in in Mitte so and we're
arranging hotels that will be very close
to the eating place in Mitte and we're
looking we're arranging a more
affordable hotel and then of our
comfortable hotel so that people can
self-select in just general what section
of town set Mitte is like in the middle
it's it's it's very very central in in
Berlin sort of between West Berlin and
East Berlin near the likes near the
Brandenburg Gate and all that
okay okay that's all for the dev
meetings all right I think the next
thing is me so a couple weeks ago after
talking with Matt and with Kyle we kind
of came to the conclusion that for the
docs we need to sort of switch direction
a little bit and take a simpler tack so
what I'm hoping to have out today is a
PR for that Docs like the ipfs slash
Docs repo that basically just throws
away a lot of what's there and reformats
it as sort of an index of all the docs
we have for various things across all
the different places so at least there's
just one place to go find where
everything is and then sort of grow it
from there rather than trying to address
some of the immediate understanding
needs that folks have that I identified
the original research just addressed the
like having a place to put the things
because that's actually the bigger
fundamental problem with with getting
motion on it so I'm trying to do that I
was hoping to have half of something to
to actually show for people to look at
but it's just going to be later today
unfortunately I would love it if people
do take a look that said I kind of
guarantee it will probably be a little
underwhelming because it is mostly just
trying to gather everything and link it
and it's stripping a lot of features and
things from what was in that repo
because there's a lot of stuff that's
kind of broken like there was a search
feature but the search didn't actually
work and there was stuff for pulling in
various docs from in building the docs
from other tools which I think we want
to bring back but for now and just turn
it off because nothing is totally
cohesive there yet but it's just trying
to be a clear index of all the different
things we've got and I would love it if
people would take a look later today
I'll post an IRC in and let me know
whether that organization makes sense
and is reasonable so I just wanted to
put a note out there about that and I
think
the next time you got is Matt again well
also a question with that so is there
already a PR or you're going to be
posting a PR with those channels going
to be posting a PR in the notes I added
a link to to the main issue that that PR
is focusing on which is sort of like
gather and organize all the stuff it got
if there's there's probably a few more
things I've identified than what I
posted in various things in that issue
if people haven't seen that issue feel
free to pop in there and add links to
two Doc's or videos or things that we
have that you know about that I haven't
listed that we need to make sure are in
the documentation and are clearly linked
any other questions about
okay so on Damac alright this is I don't
know that we need to do painted they
discussed reformatting this All Hands
call and last week had a conversation
with Mike del Sur is here next it's a
conversation with Mike and with Arkady
about some ideas for reformatting that
so we can bring that up next week with
maybe a proposal basically we're
thinking it would be great to reformat
these calls to be more pre scheduled
presentations so if the call is 45
minutes 30 minutes would be someone
giving a presentation and doing Q&A and
we can do more broad ranging topics so
we could have someone give a talk on
product design and have someone give a
talk on the economics of open source
because we have people in that sphere of
ipfs we're doing fascinating stuff that
doesn't um that would be useful for
everyone to be exposed to but doesn't
really it doesn't really make sense for
those people to be joining our weekly
All Hands to discuss like the updates to
the docks and so if we sort of think
it's totally switching up the format and
that way this mainly just a heads up my
next one no one had questions I was next
also oh I wanted to introduce Michelle
hurts don't fit
I'm not sure where she is I think she's
actually been pulled into a meeting
so always producer next week we have
Michelle hurts about just drinks to
leave work around large volumes of data
on ipfs and workaround decentralized
data stewardship I'm very excited to be
working with things and you'll see more
of her in future weeks that's all the
line that looks like we're actually at
the end to the agenda I send you on an
exam oh all right does anybody have any
last-minute things that they'd like to
make sure we get discussed or anything
they will want a demo before we close it
out oh let me see if 2v wants to say
anything before we send it he's in a
meeting
you
I'll sit all right well I think that's
it for this week then thanks for coming
everybody thanks everyone